Note that buy sell and list are searching the stock table for ints when they are now string names

Have a user in the data base user name: root; password: root0

update conditional operations loop to determine is a user is root.
    for example: if LIST condition
                    if user is root: run  list all
                    else: run list for that user

Only root user can shut down the server


Whenever an operation fails or cannot be completed
    return the required error message

payload: (Users: Type String First Name, ID #) 

Server is the only component being multithreaded, to handle multiple instances of clients

in client, allow user to enter an ip address

in server, the client should only be able to login or quit if login_success & root_user is FALSE

Test outline:

Test 5: LOGIN testing (Done)
Test 6: LOGOUT testing (Done)
Test 7: WHO and LIST command testing (partially done. Multithreaded testing needed)
Test 8: LOOKUP testing
Test 9: DEPOSIT


3/14
Handling Active user tracking:
    change ip list to active_users
        a list of tuples
        each tuple contains a name and an ip
        EX: [(John, 123.432.21.234), (Andy, 325,43,55,654),]

        tuple is a zip between two lists: first names, ip_addresses
        The zipping only occurs in WHO function when ran

        when a user quits, remove the matching ip and user name from the list
    

3/14 - Xavier
Login unit tested in test5 and is working correctly
    - server accepts command and checks user provided user name and password against database
    - if exists
        - user pay load is created containing user's record info
        - user's log in status and root status are updated, providing access to logged in user level commands
        - user's first name and ip added to global list
        - output confirming log in
    - else
        - output log in fail, wait for client to send another command.

Addressed issue with database where database initialized duplicate records on subsequent runs.
DO NOT KEEP PASSWORD IN PAYLOAD (BAD)


3/15

To allow for multiple roots. Add a column in table called isRoot. 0 or 1. If 1: user is a root, otherwise not a root (Done)


3/19 - Xavier

implementing LOOKUP. server recieves LOOKUP followed by a stock symbol.
    Look up will only return the best matches (stock records) for that logged in user.
    Lookup should return the best matches even when given a partial name for a stock.


**NOTE about multithreading.

Make a note of all critical sections in each module.

Method 1: Put command modules (i.e. logine, buy, sell, etc.) in a wrapper function.
    In wrapper, surround actual module call by lock acquire and release.

Method 2: in command modules, surround code block by lock acquire and release.



